README.md, before:

# ACSE (Advanced Compiler System for Education)

ACSE is a complete toolchain consisting of a compiler (named ACSE), an
assembler, and a simulator (named MACE). It provides a simple but reasonably
accurate sandbox for learning how compilers work.

## How to use ACSE

ACSE was tested on the following operating systems:

- **Linux** (any recent 32 bit or 64 bit distribution should work)
- **macOS** (any recent version should work)
- **Windows** (both 32 bit or 64 bit) when built with
  [MinGW](http://www.mingw.org) under [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org), or inside
  **Windows Services for Linux** (WSL).

If you are using **Linux** or **macOS**, ACSE requires the following programs
to be installed:

- a **C compiler** (for example *GCC* or *clang*)
- **GNU bison**
- **GNU flex**

If you use **Windows**, first you must install either the
[MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org) environment or **Windows Services for Linux**
(WSL). Both MSYS2 and Windows Services for Linux (WSL) provide a Linux-like
environment inside of Windows.

Once you have installed either MSYS2 or WSL, you can use the following
instructions just as if you were using Linux or macOS.

### Building ACSE

To build the ACSE compiler toolchain, open a terminal and type:

      make

The built executables will be located in the `bin` directory.

### Testing ACSE

To compile some examples (located in the directory `tests`) type:

      make tests

### Using ACSE

In order to use the compiler/assembler/simulator, first you have
to export the directory `./bin` in your current `PATH` as follows:

      export PATH=`pwd`/bin:$PATH

You can compile and run new Lance programs in this way (suppose you
have saved a Lance program in `myprog.src`):

      acse myprog.src myprog.asm
      asm myprog.asm myprog.o
      mace myprog.o

You can invoke `acse`, `asm` and `mace` without setting `PATH` if you wish. In
that case you'll need to specify the path to where they are located.

For example, if the current directory is still the directory where you have
invoked `make` to build ACSE, you'll use the following commands:

      ./bin/acse myprog.src myprog.asm
      ./bin/asm myprog.asm myprog.o
      ./bin/mace myprog.o

Alternatively, you can add a test to the `tests` directory by following these
steps:

1. Create a new directory inside `tests`. You can choose whatever directory
   name you wish.
2. Move the source code files to be compiled inside the directory you have
   created. The extension of these files **must** be `.src`.
3. Open the `tests/Makefile` file and add your directory at the end of the
   `dirs` variable (which is declared in the very first line of the file).

Commit message:

tests: Automatically find all available tests rather than having a manually-populated list. Update README.

README.md, after:

# ACSE (Advanced Compiler System for Education)

ACSE is a complete toolchain consisting of a compiler (named ACSE), an
assembler, and a simulator (named MACE). It provides a simple but reasonably
accurate sandbox for learning how compilers work.

## How to use ACSE

ACSE was tested on the following operating systems:

- **Linux** (any recent 32 bit or 64 bit distribution should work)
- **macOS** (any recent version should work)
- **Windows** (both 32 bit or 64 bit) when built with
  [MinGW](http://www.mingw.org) under [MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org), or inside
  **Windows Services for Linux** (WSL).

If you are using **Linux** or **macOS**, ACSE requires the following programs
to be installed:

- a **C compiler** (for example *GCC* or *clang*)
- **GNU bison**
- **GNU flex**

If you use **Windows**, first you must install either the
[MSYS2](https://www.msys2.org) environment or **Windows Services for Linux**
(WSL). Both MSYS2 and Windows Services for Linux (WSL) provide a Linux-like
environment inside of Windows.

Once you have installed either MSYS2 or WSL, you can use the following
instructions just as if you were using Linux or macOS.

### Building ACSE

To build the ACSE compiler toolchain, open a terminal and type:

      make

The built executables will be located in the `bin` directory.

### Testing ACSE

To compile some examples (located in the directory `tests`) type:

      make tests

### Using ACSE

In order to use the compiler/assembler/simulator, first you have
to export the directory `./bin` in your current `PATH` as follows:

      export PATH=`pwd`/bin:$PATH

You can compile and run new Lance programs in this way (suppose you
have saved a Lance program in `myprog.src`):

      acse myprog.src myprog.asm
      asm myprog.asm myprog.o
      mace myprog.o

You can invoke `acse`, `asm` and `mace` without setting `PATH` if you wish. In
that case you'll need to specify the path to where they are located.

For example, if the current directory is still the directory where you have
invoked `make` to build ACSE, you'll use the following commands:

      ./bin/acse myprog.src myprog.asm
      ./bin/asm myprog.asm myprog.o
      ./bin/mace myprog.o

Alternatively, you can add a test to the `tests` directory by following these
steps:

1. Create a new directory inside `tests`. You can choose whatever directory
   name you wish, as long as it is not `test`.
2. Move the source code files to be compiled inside the directory you have
   created. The extension of these files **must** be `.src`.
3. Run the command `make tests` to compile all tests, included the one you have
   just added.
   
The `make tests` command only runs the ACSE compiler and the assembler, you
will have to invoke the MACE simulator manually.
